xxp-aivz-oqm (2023-11-10 18:06 GMT+8) - Transcript
Attendees
Cathy Wang, Kris Haamer
Transcript
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
Kris Haamer: For doing the transliteration or not the translation what they call that in English like turning the sound into text.
Cathy Wang: Okay. That's cool.
Kris Haamer: Yeah, that works much better. I don't know why the other thing didn't work. It probably comes down to accents and stuff which we sound like I'm super surprised chat GPT has become essential tool for me because every day speaking Chinese. And then not really understanding what others are saying and so I can just go walk into any classroom pretty much and we'll pick up the sound. And it's so good that sometimes it's better than native speakers, honestly. And…
Cathy Wang: Yeah, that's good.
Kris Haamer: then you got this whole transcript of the meeting. Yeah, yeah,…
Cathy Wang: That's wonderful.
Kris Haamer: just to get started maybe like a Canyons just literally introduce yourself. What's your name?
Cathy Wang: so I'm pretty high…
Kris Haamer: And what do you do? Yeah.
Cathy Wang: until this day. I still like to call myself a designer and I have a background human computer interactions and have all the different design jobs fun doing interaction design service designed business design though are my career. it's more transition to commercial Focus. It's which is out on business design, and then I have take on different rows as a business operator and operate in large Professional Services that has design capability or still have that design as a spearhead either as a new go to market for large companies in different places or
Cathy Wang: I guess it's to combining different capabilities on strategy to customer experience to product to engineering. it's very large program for Fortune 100 and large Enterprises. Those are turning into quite a commercial and business role in the last couple years. I set up a very large organization with lots of Revenue, so I set up this is now and these days I investing companies or how small median size company grow, I thinking about their proposition go to market about what are the marketing journals Etc and then to help them Reach a certain growth. So then they can have it exit and still do some advisory Consulting around organization on development and human development in sort of more the HR part, which is the emotional part because
Cathy Wang: Of operator a lot of large organization have to manage a lot of organizations but emotional and human part of it has always been quite important to me. Yeah, so it's like I have had a lot of my own business and startups before and different shapes, from way back in a days when we met in Estonia, which is sort of user experience at the consultancy. I also have set up large kind of social Enterprise doing covid which was my career highlight I would think and for me that was sort of service design exercise more than anything else and for me it was designing a social career to be after primary and secondary care and doing that Gap really kind of
Kris Haamer: 
Cathy Wang: Of God resonated very well in that specific situation. and I thought
Kris Haamer: Let me started there. there's already a lot of time facts about…
Cathy Wang: and yeah.
Kris Haamer: why not. I want to thank I want to pick up on one team and you said that you kind of start up as a designer and specific service design, right? And you also mentioned about being focused on humans and and building Largo's organization understanding that the human things So, in interaction design we talk a lot about the user or we talk about Music Experience or human-centered design, there are a lot of passwords or a lot of ways to name maybe a similar thing. So throughout this years of developing this businesses. do you personally think about that? what is the vocabulary used to think about humans and…
Cathy Wang: Who?
Kris Haamer: design in a business?
Cathy Wang: I like designs a word that's why it's like regardless who are introduction I still like to open as I still call myself a designer but these days maybe I would say the verb design is very different from the verb create. So, I believe I create and design is more of a mindset for me in a sense of how do you actually unpack a problem? How do you think about the problem and one of the biggest thing that taught me about design is that there's so many different layers to it. And then there's so many different intricate Parts for example, I think my favorite design Solutions. years ago. I think it was
00:05:00
Cathy Wang: A wildlife rescue kind of sanctuary somewhere and then they don't have any money Etc but they have a very big upkeep of these while animals and I guess it's like, a square peg and ronghold type of thing is a different people would go in you as a McKinsey consultant. They would say they will propose it and things yeah as an engineer there was a certain thing but I like the comprehensive of design of thinking about the problem and finding the different intricate part in a very system thinking way to be able to find a solution and the solution for that Century for example is that they made packages that they sell to schools and other organization or all folks home. so then that is one part of children or other people will be able to kind of help out.
Cathy Wang: to learn about how to take care of animals Etc which provide educational value as a value exchange, but then they also get a specific income instead of just one donation. And I thought that is a beautiful example of what design would mean and I will hope that only a designer will be able to think in that way to be able to find this type of solution and the human part is important because I think it's like
Cathy Wang: You talk about the end user customer-centric Etc. But that's part. It's like, the service design thing. There's a lot of above the service thing and below the surface thing. It's like okay, I build an app. Somebody still need to update the app or write content for the app Etc. There's still human involved in everything basically and I think that is sort of that people don't think about it as much of the amount of human that is involved. How do you actually think about all the different human that would be involved and when you talk about human that is one thing how do we organize them in a very business practical operational way, but then there's also another thing about how do you actually bring them together? So then they feel this and go and then it doesn't feel mundane and that's so for me that I like that's…
Kris Haamer: right
Cathy Wang: why it's your call myself a designer because my mindset. Of approaching the world and approaching opportunities and problem space. It hasn't changed. I think a practice in a very different way basically.
Kris Haamer: Right, A lot of times it seems to be that things are like project taste right and you build some kind of,…
Cathy Wang: Yeah.
Kris Haamer: platform and you don't have a way actually keep it going because suddenly get into business territory,…
Cathy Wang: Yeah.
Kris Haamer: it means to at least make it even every month. Otherwise, it's just gonna shut down and all Third and research you put into it is going to go to waste because it's just gonna disappear, Yeah, something that's something we talk about at school a lot. Also, we use everything's design thinking is something that we talk about a lot at the same time, just I think this week there was this news that idea is cutting a lot of people and it's having financial trouble because people Don't need the services anymore so much. So, how do you think about that? Like do you think?
Kris Haamer: There's something still very valuable in this way of approaching design and business and this broad way of thinking and why do you think ideal for example struggling?
Cathy Wang: I've said there's for many many years. It's at the best designer of our time. maybe I would like to think is Steve Jobs, right? as how he set up that says he's vision for the kind of things. I need to come out. This is great leader. He's a great business. maybe not so great for business person until he really made it right, but is that progression as a people will call him different things?
Cathy Wang: he's a designer right and being a designer doesn't mean you have need to have the designer in your job title. It's a specific practice that you practice and in Professional Services. if we're very broadly call it like that. It's like, ideal has done that very design way of doing their services and it is hard to and I think we can't separate out. it's with the global economy moving different ways kind of following if you think of an innovation cycle type of thing where it push forward you look back then what that means is that then the more exploratory just doing design we are probably not enough face in a generous Society at the moment because that's maybe even 10 years ago a big Banks. Let's say we'll keep thinking about how can that diversify?
00:10:00
Cathy Wang: Says everybody has done enough of it that you can learn from each other already. So now it's like if everybody has kind of done it thought about it and then it's not so much of that future exploratory time is more about how do we get it done time, which has a different tone to what kind of Professional Services that you would need or kind of support you need then eventually we will get to everything becomes those saturated, kind of like the chat gpta AI thing everybody's very excited everybody trying different things, how can we use it that you're exploring new ideas, which is when design is most useful right and it's a thinking exploring new once they become not say if we do a comparison that's a operate automation software type or that kind of Arena.
Cathy Wang: It's been done 200 different ways in different industry in all around the world people not thinking too hard about how it can be different people. I thinking more. How can we get it done bigger better faster. So it goes in Cycles, And I think it's inevitable if you have a very poor design service that's quite exploratory with where we are. That's just kind of the fact but
Cathy Wang: It doesn't mean you won't come back. It's at some point things will become saturated again,…
Kris Haamer: leaving
Cathy Wang: and we will need to or a bigger problem a big different Arena of problem, kind of in covid happens people have to think a lot about wise for example, social care or national the health record Etc these things which is Sparks are very specific area of concern. Imagine which I foresee what happened if there's a very full-blown Cyber attack Yeah, and there has been some that has happened but it has never made it in a way how that's a Ukrainian war. Or the Israel world is going on. It doesn't have that kind of coverage. Imagine if such thing happens and I make a splash into the world and people all the sudden think very hard about how to explore that and so more areas will pop up basically for more exploratory approach.
Kris Haamer: Right, it would seem like ideal fail to innovate it on business while offering services to try to innovate, right?
Cathy Wang: It became a very good machine. I think that's a natural Journey for any large Professional Services. Regardless what you offer it's like, you go to a certain size. You become so dominant and you make a machine very well run which is of any Enterprises regardless what they do. It's like sometimes they don't think about if they need to change basically which
Kris Haamer: I think it's a great segue to what I really want to talk about with your sustainability. And you mentioned all this kind of things in this different businesses that are important, but you never mentioned there were sustainability. and for first time sustainability happen it is I would say similar to design, it's a terrible every level it is thinking about the whole system and how those pieces we together and such. At least that's how I look at it. So I'm really curious to see In your experience in this different businesses, was sustainability ever a focus. and is it becoming more of a focus now and in what specific ways you have any anecdotes, about EST for example, or whatever comes to mind.
Cathy Wang: I'm actually really interested in ESG earlier this year. I was thinking about racing a fund to invest in just ESG related and I don't call it ESG it's a more impact driven fund and there are a lot of different thing and that being kind of in touch with different ESG people about how they are doing it and you know how they are thinking about ESG some of them is that there might be a service provider or software provider. Some of them might be other things, and then there's different regulation coming down as well. Some of them do ESG Consulting. There's quite a lot of big arena, so I've been to something To my heart which is why I set up my kind of the company's got human and humans, which is the organizational development that one for a specific. it does support some kind of
00:15:00
Cathy Wang: the UN sustainability goes but in general it is not something in organizations that it's still very siled specific topic that they don't think about because they haven't seen how it trigger through because there's climate change Etc this type of thing, which is quite prominent in people's mind but doesn't feel like real because it's over for organizations. Am I gonna make money basically, which is basically the button the question until which is the kind of shift now is that for in there a lot of EU regulations about to be real which actually has a commercial impact it's not like the gdpr or out which was just wish you what you horrible to be honest like the ESG regulations. The governments are rolling out.
Cathy Wang: That what the EU commission is rolling out basically would mean that this is very targeted for specific industry that part of your Revenue actually be taken away. So then it's becoming more of a thing so those Industries so it's the textile industry in a battery industry. That is the first wave of, part of the green initiative and what that means is that you actually see the movement. So for example the index group, which is the OWN Zara Etc. yeah, so they have actually launched a
Kris Haamer: in detector
Cathy Wang: their resale platform for example, and then they're also getting into the repair platforms as well. and it was seen that they're very on Trend as I Actually the driver is because there's a regulation tell me out. There are also quite a lot of startup that's popping up and the ESG even in regarding, business Community or investment Community is still considered a very kind of very green very woke but now it's becoming more of a commercial problem. I think people would actually pay attention to it. There's also a joint venture I can take us on my notes and share with you later. for example, there's some
Cathy Wang: I think it's a product Gucci Etc. All the big fashion houses in Italy that they've set up an innovation Center or Research Center in order to think about how do they build better sustainable fashion industry basically and that's all very welcome. And I think because it's still pocketed in a very specific industry that is regulation driven, then hopefully that it will catch on the battery one is definitely a very big one but that one I'm not as close into so I think it's once I start catching on with the regulation or other industry start looking into it, especially the ones with large supply chain and asset base. They will probably need to start looking at that as a thing instead of just a specific promise as a big organization.
Kris Haamer: And so what I about them hearing you say is that you feel you believe in textile industry, at least it is becoming a core of the business instead of just being the market thing play. Okay.
Cathy Wang: Yes it is but that's very regulation driven and that's okay. You…
Kris Haamer: and it's
Cathy Wang: it's better that's not something is happening and that's happening. So
Kris Haamer: Yeah, I've seen the business owners. I know in Estonia. I've seen the discussions online and it seems surprising to me that some of them are completely unaware until now when they realize that 2030 is not that far. and…
Cathy Wang: Yeah.
Kris Haamer: this discussions are getting started because they actually are seeing the financial impact now which before wasn't apparent. So, you…
Cathy Wang: Yeah.
Kris Haamer: let me segue to Ai, and you already mentioned chat CPT and obviously it is changing a lot. How do you see changing the human side of things and business?
Cathy Wang: I have a big theory about this one. I have a seven year old child. And as you grew up with a Google home in our house, so she knows to She said hey Google she knows that Google was say something back. And one morning the internet was we plug this something the Google home wasn't connecting to the internet and then that I was like, my God never was Google never works and then the next morning we woke up and then for some reason it is on a Bookshop. I think the books told over and Google home fell on the ground and unplugged and then she was very very concerned. She was no Google tried to kill him to kill herself.
00:20:00
Cathy Wang: and as far as thinking about Humanity or humans is I think there's no better way than looking at a young child's eye to the world. And if a young child will have that reaction and I'm like, first I taught her a good job to be kind she understand the idea of being kind and how to talk to people Etc. Right and that's quite important for Humanity. how do we be kind and one of my kind of big the stiff point with all these different things rgbt is
Cathy Wang: it's not encouraging better human behavior is giving a lot of utility efficiency. It's giving a lot of benefit advantages. but it's not giving us better Humanity, fun, even the coverage of all I think I sound journalists Kevin it was Kevin Rose who right from New York Times. He wrote a big article about each other with Bard and his part try to convince him to leave his wife Etc. But if you read I read through the 27 Pages for transcript of that it was kind of like a true crime interrogation style is kind of the best way at describ
Kris Haamer: fine
Cathy Wang: Is a Kris. Would it make you feel angry or sad if you killed someone and you're like yes, right, you killed one. it has that a little bit of that tone basically like, true crying interrogation and I think it's not encouraging good humanity and then it became a big news and if it was a human on other side then a defamation suit would be filed because it's like this it's entrapment Etc. as humans. We keep thinking that When I was like, we shouldn't treat machines as humans. But is that we don't have to treat them as humans, but it doesn't mean you should lose your Humanity while interacting with the machines like one.
Kris Haamer: That's a good way to put it.
Cathy Wang: Yeah, one of the things I said is that maybe it would be a good feature for chat gbt. Is that the nicer you talk to Chachi BT the better the answer you get which is Teachers good humidity. I will not want my child to talk to anything or anyone. Who's that? you doing that? it's like you shouldn't it's not a humanity and why would it be that we don't like and we don't encourage those Behavior, but while our technology that We encourage that behavior, basically.
Kris Haamer: Yeah, I have two personal kind of stories about that. So one is my grandmother. she has Cathy's here, which means she cannot express her thoughts in speech anymore because What we call that when you have a bloodless level exposing your head. I forgot what they say anything in English.
Cathy Wang: a clot
Kris Haamer: yeah, so after that how do you learn to speak again? Right and you need someone to practice with and it's hard to practice with humans. And she became quite attached to listen to a certain country music singer on social media. and she's still alive like this kind of relationship, she will talk to that person on not literary on video, but she'll watch videos and then say something and then come and show me her phone and
Kris Haamer: and he almost seems that she believes that that person on the screen is somehow I lie or there's some interaction going on because I can see her emotion about it is really really strong. And that makes think, at first I thought you're never gonna have those robots that are gonna be like Health assistance in hospitals because they just don't work. they cannot Respond to humans in a nice way enough way, but my thinking about that has changed, because I can see more and more That the robots are good enough in some cases at Faking It. and the other is
00:25:00
Cathy Wang: Yeah.
Cathy Wang: It probably fulfills a very specific human emotional connection need.
Kris Haamer: when
Cathy Wang: That's not a human version of it, but it fulfills a certain connection. I think.
Kris Haamer: Right, right, and I think it's hard for kids to be there for their parents, 24/7 and somehow someone has to fill those gaps. and elderly have a lot of time on their hands and maybe AI if you can improved in such a way that it is expressed. and the other story I was going to tell you is that I've been using chat cheek PT, since it came out last number. And I'm one of those people who has seen when it gets worse and when it gets better. And I pay for it. So I have the latest version and now most recently went to announce the better version again, last week actually got worse. Because what they've done is they try to optimize it for cost.
Kris Haamer: and that means that it's not doing as much as it used to be and I'm used to like that Baseline of the amount of work it does. I'm used to that, I got attached to that. I'm used to Hasting an Excel file into it and getting a cute analysis back. And now what happens is because they love to try to lower the cost to lower the cost two or three times in comparison with used to cause cost. And actually made that window smaller. So now it's just gonna give you a nice snippet of it. It's just gonna really nicely expressed but it's not gonna do the work anymore. Unless you're specifically ask for it several times and then it still does it. And that is a smart video optimize it maybe because maybe not everybody needs the full version. Maybe that's nippet is okay.
Kris Haamer: And as they scale the business obviously, there have to do more and more of that to be able to offer the service not to 100 million people…
Cathy Wang: Yeah.
Kris Haamer: but a billion people, right?
Kris Haamer: so this applies to chat CPT if you use it through the apis, as a developer, you just pay more and you can still get the original quality. And this is creating this differentiation between people who? Pay for the hunt who don't and you have access to different levels of knowledge and as they like to call it the Superhuman powerser or whatever. And I'm also a user of a world coin, right, some outman. She's other business, if AI does Make us all our jobs. how do we get food? Right is by word coin sending us a little bit money every month. And since I joined I think in February, I got 150 USD. Which it's not a lot.
Cathy Wang: What is it called? wordcoin
Kris Haamer: World coin. Yeah, so the way it works is this can you retina and they give you an idea? Just based on your retina. And you don't need anything else and imagine, 150 USD, here in Taiwan is not a lot of money. But imagine you're in some small village somewhere actually makes a difference that way it makes differences that let's say you in the country where childbirths are not well registered and you might not exist in the system. But you still have your Readiness and that means, you still exist somehow digitally.
Kris Haamer: And their belief is that we need this kind of Distinction because maybe in a few years in the future. It will be very difficult to say huge human and who is a computer on the internet unless you have some kind of idea that proves your Humanity.
Cathy Wang: Okay, I like that. I like that.
Kris Haamer: right Yeah,…
Cathy Wang: I'm gonna on my
Kris Haamer: it was for a long time. It was mostly like Iranian the crypto circles, but now they become much more focused on getting it out there. Yeah.
Cathy Wang: Yeah. A scores today.
Kris Haamer: So I yeah.
Cathy Wang: I'm just amazing
Kris Haamer: They're a lot of people who don't really like that company because scanning retinas sounds a little bit, scary.
Cathy Wang: I will get a government. This doesn't crazy at all. It sounds great. At least somebody is doing something.
00:30:00
Kris Haamer: Yeah, and it's interesting, it's the same people who are maybe creating a big problem and maybe also trying to solve it at the same time.
Cathy Wang: Mm-hmm, we're gonna have a lot of this gonna conflict like I think it's healthy different things different boys will pop up and then to see where it goes, right.
Kris Haamer: Right, so kind of want to come back to Taiwan because I'm doing this research about college students and most of my responses, as I said, I went like eight universities I have around 6700 people in danger 18 to 21. who responded and it is anonymous so I don't know exactly who they are. because it's 63 questions. I am getting some kind of idea. It's quite a lot of questions and…
Cathy Wang: 
Kris Haamer: I actually recreate for that all those people filled it out. and one of the things that I've seen is that even though a lot of people They express a lot of concern about nature and climate change and it is really ranks highly in a cross three different clusters that I see in this data.
Kris Haamer: And also there's quite a lot of people that don't want to buy a car or don't want to buy a house within next seven years which I think this is an indicator of something. but at the same time they will believe that that grow in the economy is very important. And in Europe we talk about European legislation. There's also this movement for it comes from France. I think it's French is called tea krisans or something and in English, it's tea growth. I don't know if you've come across this as a business Builder, Or maybe an obviously but I'm asking, your economic growth is something that take for granted needed me success for you to be able to build a business. but at the same time a lot of sustainably experience they talk about tea growth or staple growth or
Kris Haamer: having a growth in some areas of the economy and not having growth in others. Which sounds a lot of people like plant economy which sounds like Communists which is not a good thing. So, I don't know if you have come across this things, and economics and have you thought about that.
Cathy Wang: I think then the general mass media of the business world does it dominated by New York Times Bloomberg and all these different coverage of these four to 100 500 company a lot of other type of companies out there and then the internet is flooded with all these gonna crazy Elon Musk, Silicon Valley all these things there's a lot of other big chunk of people who operate business very differently. It's just that it's not as Amplified because it's almost as we've created a bubble that has not actually Amplified a different kind of thinking one of my favorite things from mon. Maybe my only thing I like from simonsonic, the business guy there's two different games. There's the
Cathy Wang: the Fine Line Game and there's the infinite care. So the final game is like you do tac-toe and then see who wins first and then there's also Monopoly inside whoever you play Forever. You can play it forever type of thing and it's about how long you staying again and as a humanity and the modern society now has created a view of that. This finding game is more celebrated in a way while in business not all business need to be like that. Not every business need to be a unicorn exit. That's John who lives down the road or owns a very successful construction business around his whole life. His son can take over, three generations later. You can still go and still generate more than enough money for the whole family. That's a good business. You need to be
Cathy Wang: read it for the good that it is. I think it's not so much that they don't exist. It's just that there's not enough voice for that and there's not enough of that traction are kind of like how news works. You want to people read the crazy Big Splash things. You never renews about, Mary down a road Mary's Dog gave birth to six very healthy puppies. Yeah. just how we haven't built a world in the sense of what kind of content and what kind of sensory thing that we need. So yeah. And I think they're out there. Those are very important and people do care about it. there's a larger kind of societal kind of. Push as well of shall Lively different things.
00:35:00
Kris Haamer: right So I think it kind of segues into what you'll mentioned about social businesses it up and entering covid and the new business. You said that recently about humans you said so we'll take either one with either which one I think you is nice to talk about.
Cathy Wang: Depends on what we want to talk about.
Kris Haamer: Right, right. let's start with the code with What did you learn from that experience?
Cathy Wang: 
Kris Haamer: You guys understand before, it was mostly straight business and then it went into more like a social business.
Cathy Wang: I wasn't working full-time job at the time and…
Kris Haamer: I know.
Cathy Wang: I was gonna take some time off and then it just happened. Okay, so you sound background information on it, but I really actually funny. This is the universe speaking to me. just the other day. I wrote down a big blurb of writing is I thought that it was the easiest business I've ever run in the sense. I'm business operation wise because it's very simple. Basically. The intention is Give people help make sure people don't die.
Cathy Wang: Very very simple purpose is to get volunteers to be able to channel that energy to give people who need the help very very very simple and because of the different sky like a design problem when there's a two million different constraints, then you find you it's actually quite easier to find out One path. That makes sense. How do you execute really really fast instead of yeah.
Kris Haamer: right
Cathy Wang: What kind of tree outages you use? should we compare this? and no we need to do it now put it on travel and then somebody find a plugin is not gonna hold up, whatever we'll figure out later. Let's go because we have to and so our business operation wise I was the easiest emotionally it was quite difficult because it's different kind of risk to think about or Always learn different things in different businesses. And I think that just kind of comes with anything that you do. So obviously learned a lot about how to build Safeguard Etc all these different things but
Cathy Wang: Is his operationalized he's very very easy and…
Kris Haamer: 
Cathy Wang: I think which is the leeway is my advisor which is I wrote it for some startups. I advise is that well to have your intention and your purpose then why part is the design exercise of the solution. But if your intention and purpose is very clear and very straightforward then everything else falls into place quite easily, basically, And so I like that.
Kris Haamer: did you apply any kind of design early Tools in that?
Cathy Wang: No. we just ran was No,…
Kris Haamer: that there's no time, right?
Cathy Wang: but then as some people who have worked they work for the UK government, whatever different things they have told me is Cathy you basically executed at the service design portrait in the most amazing way. Am I agree because that I can set up the operation. I know what are the behind the scene things and
Kris Haamer: Continued a little bit more about exactly where you're doing that.
Cathy Wang: so I set up a thousand person volunteer group are and in four days an operationalizing four days and a thousand volunteer was supported 250,000 residents in the Royal Borough of Greenwich in London. And this is four days before who officially announced Amic on March the 18th and
Kris Haamer: I was here in Taiwan at the time and I was just crazy like you see the world just didn't understand what was gonna happen.
Cathy Wang: Yeah in the world was crazy and everybody was trying to figure out what to do. And at that time a lot of people were already shielding at home, and then they didn't really know and what was happening and it's quite crazy and then obviously people think about different ways to help and then I came across this concept called Mutual Aid because I was helping some people doing it's like a covid Wiki that they were putting together and
00:40:00
Cathy Wang: and then a mutual is basically that you help each other and then there was some big flood and then a lot of mutually group have been set up, is that because you become very local community. So then I said that up and then I got a thousand volunteers and about everybody's like, What should we do? So then we just organized as then we start taking intake of requests and intakes. So this operationalizing four days. We can Now flyers because people were already shielding to say if you need help, please contact us. So then we set up all the operations or we will be able to do the triage and at the beginning we were getting 70 inbound.
Cathy Wang: Reach every day. And then later on more later. I'll meet you a week later. we have a void phone that will ring different things. We set up a governance group that come from different background and we have volunteers. I would just do different ask for people who are shooting or who needs it and help we became part of the borrows official task force of response because it takes the borrow four month a government for months you have official support. So we were handling off a lot of them and then we want to come down a little bit which is two months after we also had a fleet of 20 drivers and we have food storage from fridge food to dry food just and then it's all from people's don't donation as a yoga studio. Give us their Studio.
Cathy Wang: is the University gave us their fridge and the kitchen so we can have refrigerated food and it's not just so much of helping the residents because for example food bank was flooded with
Cathy Wang: Requests and needs and they didn't have people to even sort out the donation or they don't have people to be able to do the delivery. So we dispatch our people to do the delivery for them because we already had the community of people that is organized and has operations set up that we can just dispatch things or so later on, different kind of third sector who has resources as they have food. They say, hey, we really want to do a drop, of these 50 families who are already before was cut by eyes on a social criteria that they were getting food help and now they can't get the food we have the food but we can't get it to them. Okay, great we do it and so we organize these kind of things.
Kris Haamer: me
Cathy Wang: So yeah, so I think it requires a lot of operation in order to do this about dispatch basically and We ran on trollo. We had a free VoIP phone. We have free Skype and we know we have free slack and then topic we have a weekly call with the test the Boris task force as well. So we had the government support.
Kris Haamer: right
Cathy Wang: And then we raise some money which is now a lot of money, but there was on government grants or we could also, cover some of the cost we got some of Team members DBS check but we can fast-track it. I had a direct line to the police. So because we have a different Liaisons that we will be able to in case emergencies happen. So I thought I was quite operational. that.
Kris Haamer: It's quite amazing. What's possible and all the resources that exist? if people are motivated, right?
Cathy Wang: Yeah, and a lot of the volunteers they were very thankful that I did that because of you're doing something about it help with their emotional state in terms of that. They are doing something and It feels Channel it look you can see the impact and that really helped people as well because everybody was just sitting around doing nothing anyway.
Kris Haamer: right
Cathy Wang: so I think owing all it was a very important Community moment in terms of all the different direction of help that it generated later on we even did when a much calmer six months we do a befriending per service where there's so each person different volunteers will have an old lady that they go to the park and walk around with every week to they start doing some gardening or something this type of thing and we Organize some kind of concert on the street or people need something to do in order to feel safe and then they're helping so that was why that was really really fun. It was really stressful as well…
00:45:00
Kris Haamer: Yeah.
Cathy Wang: if people would
Kris Haamer: I mean It's easy to forget that Obviously during the pandemic or any kind of this kind of.
Kris Haamer: really terrible thing, you have the physical needs, food and such but we often declare negle that emotional needs and I will also during that time. I was in Taiwan and I joined this Elderly online community because my friend lives in Northern Italy in trento. And she was doing a design project with the triangala. and the way it worked we were designing with the elderly and having this calls with elderly who are sitting at home and they didn't have much to do and people couldn't visit them. And so
Kris Haamer: they're not really used using computers. but it was enough to get them on video calls and then all this young students from University. They would joined those calls and to have an activity not Italians are very good at talking anyway, but we meant invented design activities. So everybody would have a task and something to talk about.
Kris Haamer: Not only physical but also emotional. and here in Taiwan,…
Cathy Wang: 
Kris Haamer: I'm always really impressed by the communities that Temple is great especially here in the south in Tainan, sometimes I go to the park Yes.
Cathy Wang: Yeah, what is that one goal. What's the point? I?
Kris Haamer: No, there's just many temples everywhere in Tainan. and most of them desirable. So the needs of elderly in many ways just also like a meeting point. So people will go to the temple or they will go to the park. To do exercise in the morning and I joined them several times and sometimes you meet someone who's 95 or really old. And they don't have any way of contacting their elderly friends. They don't have a phone or anything, but they know the time and they know the place that is enough for them to make those friends. And they take a strange is quite large,…
Cathy Wang: exactly
Kris Haamer: some people were in the 50s and some were 70s, 80s and the older for 95. And us our students, 20 and 30s. That's amazing to me because in Estonia a lot of elderly people they really don't have that research. they
Kris Haamer: They really don't know where to go and they will stay home and then watch television just be sad. Yeah, that's something I've learned from Taiwan.
Cathy Wang: exactly
Kris Haamer: I don't really have many more questions. Maybe just Yeah, but talk about.
Kris Haamer: What you see in the future, really touched on some technologies and we touch the human side and maybe if you want to talk about the new business you set up. I don't know where he's directed and if you want to talk about it, maybe still a secret.
Cathy Wang: No, no, it's I guess I can share the website with you. it's about
Kris Haamer: I much more interesting what to tell me than actually looking at the website because I feel like websites a lot of times. They're the mask you put on right but
Cathy Wang: That's all right.
Cathy Wang: it's basically we go ahead inside of performance because if you think about performance in the organization or in yourself as we usually people think look at it on the angle of what you think and what you do but actually is either the underside of it is the emotion and the effect which is the felt senses and those are usually quite repressed and not talked about. So as quite we're human we are emotional beings and we have emotion. So yes, I can absolutely feel demotivated and so do my job right but it doesn't mean that emotion doesn't exists. And then in the long term would be able to do a hinder on what performance actually means so we focus on the emotions side of how do you actually bring that performance to get that and then that to have people that's even.
Cathy Wang: Change their belief systems on an individual to a group level. It's
Kris Haamer: I started to cut you off like it's just reminds me so much, those friends who just graduated, from a very good school in Taiwan and then got incorporate jobs or in a big city. And now all the coast of other social media is quite depressing and they hated corporate job, right and actually means that there's distance or not set up to support them in a way, they are really talented and young and should be very energetic at the role but instead, test companies are kind of wasting that I would say that Talent.
00:50:00
Cathy Wang: yeah, and then also which I on a very commercial way to look at it the biggest cause for most organization is their people is their biggest biggest part of the business and the biggest cost as well and then yet it's like there's not a lot of that focus on emotion and how he actually feels Etc. So I think that's sort of a problem. yeah so that's why I said that specific business I did I'm doing it with my friend who's a performance coach and also a psychotherapist which is for both of us it resonate very well and that emotion part is quite important. The future I hope they would just be nice. I hope it would be nice and very.
Kris Haamer: I want to ask one more question like coming back to design and if there are something specific from interaction design or this sign approach that you take with you to build this new business.
Cathy Wang: all this good question because as it's so embedded in my being now that I don't really think about it. I think it's
Kris Haamer: Start to separate yourself from designer.
Cathy Wang: Yeah. Yeah, it's very very hard. I think it's a
Kris Haamer: but let me make it more specific, because as a students we do a lot of user research right and companies to a lot of you with user research and…
Cathy Wang: yeah.
Kris Haamer: if you have online business you look at a lot of data for people from your apps and websites and whatever and you call them and make video calls and interview them or there are a million fools to understand those people. So, …
Cathy Wang: Yeah.
Kris Haamer: when you set up this company as soon that you have some kind of hunch, what is needed and maybe that is from for many years as your own experience,…
Cathy Wang: yeah you
Kris Haamer: or maybe you actually, sat down with some people and interviewed them and try to analyze how the approach that.
Cathy Wang: I think that's just from the experience of all the organization. I have already come through and I have worked with and I have bill before I think more one of the things that we will do is which is how do we compute the Quant survey? Basically is that when we send out the conservative very large group of people. It's like, how do we I want to make sure that we don't just look at it the Qua I want to look at the Quan and quite way which is like, okay, there's survey but we also want to talk to people I want to be able to hear the stories and I think that is definitely my designer in me in a sense. Is that a human story? It can tell a lot of story from the data, but then you should be able to tell the humans that as well. So yeah.
Kris Haamer: Okay, so very last question. So just like to add up to that I'm throughout your career, you probably interviewed people right and you've done some research and things like that. Do you have any anecdotes? So some insights that you find through doing this kind of designarily work? That I ended up influencing what your…
Cathy Wang: Leave me.
Kris Haamer: what you build. why do we actually interview those people? what is The goal is to find some kind of insight that is going to change design that we're great or the business. That's great. if you didn't find any insights, but would not be very useful to do this research. So draw to your career,…
Cathy Wang: Mm-hmm
Kris Haamer: do you?
Kris Haamer: Remember any special and I thought their case so something that really learned that you said, if I didn't do this design user study or you talk to those people. I wouldn't have done it this way because I just didn't know.
Cathy Wang: One of the research is a fun team. I didn't do the research, but there's one of the research that the team did as I was working for Energy company. And then this is my favorite kind of insight is they did research because this is an energy company people have to pay there Energy bill. And then there and another basically say okay, but then there's a bunch of people who don't pay their bills or they don't think about their bills. As I was one thing your energy you don't think about it very often so well, but what do people think about to do a bunch of research and different methods Etc, but the big group of people
00:55:00
Cathy Wang: And then not to figure out what people think about. So this is how people prioritize their bills in their head. Okay, as I did I pay for my Netflix this month? Okay. They are pay for my Spotify. Did I pay for my help of my subscription to this other thing all did up in my gym membership on my rent. and then maybe six or seven down the lizard. and my energy bill. Is that dude? If you don't pay your energy bill, you're not gonna watch Netflix so I think it's like that and I was interesting because as I okay people have some It's my thought about is that it's kind of like.
Cathy Wang: Practicality and how people feel or what people care about a very different things and it's irrational as well. And then that's my takeaway,…
Kris Haamer: he
Cathy Wang: but I thought I like the funniest story about that describe human basically because I don't Know the line is you.
Kris Haamer: Yeah, it really illustrates. Yeah.
Cathy Wang: It should be like that because it's something that is so normal or water utility.
Kris Haamer: We take it for granted, right?
Cathy Wang: yeah, exactly and it should but then that is and then
Kris Haamer: Unless you live in a country energy culturally.
Cathy Wang: Other than I think that's the kind of this thinking as well. I think that if you were to action on it as I It's not something people think about it's kind of like, okay, what it sounds like your banking service. Is that okay? Maybe you will like it much closer to you that you feel more tailored. And it's because something you think about quite a bit. How's my cash flow these things you think about it that if your Energy company is a hey, how's your heating going to nobody cares is it means is that you don't need to build our customer relationship in the super nice warm way because people honestly don't think about you. They don't need to think about you more. And so I thought that was kind of nice as the inside that can turn into action basically which resonate by
Kris Haamer: pray I think it's a really good illustration and…
Cathy Wang: so yeah.
Kris Haamer: it's quite similar to sustainability, because my research about making a sustainability assistant. and …
Cathy Wang: Yeah.
Kris Haamer: there are so many ways to build an assistant and the main
Kris Haamer: Kind of trajectory I'm thinking about It's a lot about how much involved should the person be? if it's something that you kind of set and forgot about and there are many services like that and I pay you a certain amount per month and they promise to me that now I'm sustainable because some people are planting a forest somewhere, and the other side of the world, but I never trust that I still feel really bad about all my consumption and things like that, when I say take a flight somewhere, she was very bad and I already paid for it, I paid for the offsets, but I still feel like I'm not really doing it right correctly.
Cathy Wang: that will be an interesting research to do I think is to be able to see Which one has the better stickiness of is there something that people feel like you need to be in their face what needs to be in the face more? How often does it need to feel like it's in your life, basically, so
Kris Haamer: So from the research what I found was that people in Taiwan, my group of students. They really care about food safety. Because therapy there's been some, companies that use some kind of really bad quality oil in Taiwan and some industrial accidents things like that. And I feel like this is an entry point for this app, Maybe. Because such large percent of people tell me that the main feature that was is to be able to avoid the most following products or…
Cathy Wang: mmm
Kris Haamer: the avoid the most, dangerous products in some way. So you get some kind of alert, it kind of goes over Your shopping list and I tell you what, this company. Maybe is not the best choice for things like that
Cathy Wang: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kris Haamer: I think it's the same applies to such investing as well. when you're looking at, stock market or em, even EST a lot of ESG. Contains oil companies for example, which is crazy I think about right. But because they got a good score, Coca-Cola is one of the highest scoring companies because they do a lot of social good events and the trainings and they promise to change their business. it is also at the highest scoring ESG company that I think in the average business as time same time the company that has most plastic bottles in Beach cleanups. With which doesn't really fit.
01:00:00
Kris Haamer: So this kind of things. Yeah.
Cathy Wang: getting I have to jump off to my next call.
Kris Haamer: Yeah, I bring faithful for taking this call. And I hope I don't forget to do this,…
Cathy Wang: Really?
Kris Haamer: offline sometime if you come to Taiwan or somewhere in Europe. Yeah.
Cathy Wang: Yeah, I think I would like to introduce you to a friend of mine. So I work with her in a design agency called idea in London, and she's Taiwanese and she has since then move back to Taipei and then she's now doing lots of interesting service design projects and based on a series of questions. You have asked me I think and I think it might be quite interesting for you to maybe as heard the similar question because she is really happy into the Taiwan market for the service design point of view and I think that might be interesting conversation for you.
Kris Haamer: Thank you so much. That would be amazing death. cool.
Cathy Wang: Okay, sounds good. And it's very nice to see you. I think I always really appreciate our chat. So, send me some stuff, as a random thing all the time. I'll send you some of the stuff and
Kris Haamer: Yeah, I didn't want to overload. I have a bunch of stuff that I've done for the thesis. But I don't want to overload you with a lot of links before the cause.
Cathy Wang: No problem and send the stuff. I like doing all this reading and stuff. So yeah. All right.
Kris Haamer: Awesome, okay. Yeah. See you bye.
Cathy Wang: Thank you Kris. by
Meeting ended after 01:02:03 👋