TW College Students Research (2023-12-04 15:31 GMT+8) - Transcript
Attendees
Fireflies.ai Notetaker Kris, Jessica Cheng, Kris Haamer
Transcript
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
Jessica Cheng: I don't yeah,…
Kris Haamer: And should be okay.
Jessica Cheng: let's do it.
Kris Haamer: Start from the beginning. hello. Can you introduce yourself a little bit, what kind of user research or designed to do and…
Jessica Cheng: 
Kris Haamer: and maybe tell me a little bit about your experience. so
Jessica Cheng: Hi. I'm just Jessica and I've been what? I think I should go somewhere else quiet. Just give me a second. I'm really sorry.
Kris Haamer: that's okay.
Jessica Cheng: It's a fashion company. So I just have to go somewhere. I could potentially use.
Kris Haamer: Yeah, the sound is like I can hear a voice quite clearly. But yeah now it's less noisy for sure.
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, look they say here's a perfect little. Yeah, yeah, definitely. it's better for me anyway because its too nodes are constant properly, So okay back to introducing myself. So, my name is Jess just
Kris Haamer: Sorry I should have internet there…
Jessica Cheng: So I guess my back. in business and…
Kris Haamer: because I think. You're cutting out.
Jessica Cheng: finance and then
Kris Haamer: I can't really hear you right now. I think you might have Wi-Fi problems. Where you just want?
Jessica Cheng: Is it like?
Kris Haamer: Right, right. I cannot hear you anymore.
Kris Haamer: Hello.
Jessica Cheng: better
Jessica Cheng: God.
Jessica Cheng: Hi. Okay, hear me now. better
Kris Haamer: I guess now you're back. you've gone for a minute.
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, I just changed it to my mobile phone 4G so hopefully that works.
Kris Haamer: Okay, awesome.
Jessica Cheng: So back to what sorry, I'm Jess and then my backgrounds it was actually in business and finance but then later on a pursue career my fitting years of career in design and then designs with all kinds starting from
Jessica Cheng: And when I was in rural College of Art in Peoria college, so it the major was Innovation design engineering at time so after that. I started my careers and the user experience and basically encoder experience design or interaction design at a time. so I worked at Big agencies such as over V1 and Imagination, which is multi-touch point experiential design company and then later on all my careers are in. UK and after that I started to want to do more
Jessica Cheng: Stop Beyond experience online offline. I want to be more involved in the strategy. And so then that's where I started my career as a service design consultant. I start so I worked in engine Consultancy for a few years and then very soon. I kind of just want to Bridge the strategy part and then execution part and so with both then I moved to BCG digital Venture venture.
Jessica Cheng: And then that's also when I just discover this new design practice called Venture design and Adventure design is basically, internal accelerator from 0 to 1 defining a new business proposition. It's New products service and operation process and launch it within 6 to 8 months. So then I worked at ideas / frog for a few years. So yeah, and then yeah, that's basically I kind of my career.
00:05:00
Jessica Cheng: In the UK, so I guess my last job in the UK was a service design director at frog but I think the thing that most mostly interested in will be Adventure design. So basically you have to think about everything the things that I just mentioned as well as something that most interested in which is business model. I think that is yeah.
Kris Haamer: Right, right. It does sound that it done. It doesn't like you have a little bit similar traged trajectory of Cathy, starting from ux UI and going towards for some more business oriented or more like a overall view at the whole product or the business particularly with that
Jessica Cheng: Someone so we actually met when we're posting ideas. but she's with kept Gemini and I was with idea and then later on obviously, it's Acquired and became a frog but yeah, I guess it's kind of just moving our past in inside of a design industry I guess but now in time and then I moved to Taiwan for families and then basically I'm still consultant. So I am like a coach for big companies such as issues. So to make sure that
Jessica Cheng: Your members of the organization understand design practice and how to practically use it to change. how they think so because they are very technology driven so it's about It's not about customers and centricity. So it's all about we've got this new technology one cool stuff and then just spend money and end it up not selling the product they spend money and…
Kris Haamer: 
Jessica Cheng: time built. So that's a problem in Taiwan. And I do coaching as well as consuancy help organizations and to develop new service or innovate products. And then ultimately I am also Consulting for internal accelerator for many more to big size company and then this year I've become for the owner. So I've become a CEO of one of the accelerator. Yeah, so that's…
Kris Haamer: Right,…
Jessica Cheng: where I'm at the moment Yeah.
Kris Haamer: I can see there are so many directions we could take this but because I'm doing my research right now in Taiwan and it's really focused on college students. And mostly even just younger color students so, the dashes and not the master or our PhD, so I'm curious in your research history, do you have any projects that were focused on college students or a younger audience?
Jessica Cheng: Of course. Yeah, definitely.
Kris Haamer: Yeah. right
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, so it was last year. So it was not actually too. So I was helping students from National Taiwan University business school. So it more it was a branding project because they established a branding team and branding agency inside of Taiwan University. And then basically I was there to kind of teach the student who are involved in this project to better understand. What a product development is the processes and then last And it was with a master degree that graduate student and then it was with taikodah.
Jessica Cheng: so the design students over there, it was really really interesting because that's specific course or that class is bridging corporates any commercial body to work with students to find new solutions for the
Jessica Cheng: The commercial body so I was hired as more like a coach or mentor from time to time give student feedback in terms of research during the design process and then make sure that they are on the right track. so yeah, that was really fun and ended up actually that corporate body becomes my client. Yeah, but that's …
Kris Haamer: cool, cool
00:10:00
Jessica Cheng: I guess and then obviously there's a lot of experiences I had back then I was giving talks and Royal caribart for many years and all kind of schools. I invited me to share experience. I think that is what I have.
Kris Haamer: Okay, so one working with college students do you have any preferences or an experiences? What kind of tools you've seen to work past? more like a workshop approach or a combination approaches or what has worked for you so far?
Jessica Cheng: I think they have different layers depending on the purpose. So some are to help college students to obviously better understand the industry and then what they can become. So this is more like personal experience sharing and all that and I think that kind of inspirational talks really helps and motivates. So that's in general one part and the other part is in terms of the type of project. So there's no project but you are basically sharing generally what practice is out there in trends what tools that student can potentially use for walk circumstances. So that is more like case study sharing as well as basically teaching some of the methodology
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, so for example Venture design is very new especially in Taiwan and…
Kris Haamer: 
Jessica Cheng: literally no one else do it and I guess I'm probably one or maybe just me doing it in design practice. So just to explain or service design is more popular right now and ux is kind of more like an understood now, but I think I've often tell students that design whichever kind of design mythology is more like a nice set rather than just a tool to use nothing that is very important because in daily life How You observe things and then how you spot and empathize right and not to always think of a product from your own point of view and then coming up from your personal experience all the time that is really important that soft skill to have so that is the Young
Jessica Cheng: I guess beyond the practice and tools and then also I think by sharing service design methodology for example is really to help them understand that is from to-end. It's more holistic. It's multiple touch points and how to use tools from bigger principles of a specific design practice to what kind of tools that they could potentially use to help them and from point to a good result. Yeah, so that's second type and…
Kris Haamer: Right, right.
Jessica Cheng: then finally there is a project and it's very clear goal then obviously my role will be a mentor and then give them the right tools to say. Okay you need to understand. For example initially you need to discover Insight of a specific group of people. How do you make assumptions? how do you build Persona? And how do you write research questions? Because if you want to go solution the first thing you need to ask the right answer and this is not just students many adults have big issues. they just ask the questions that's not relevant to the deepest needs of the user so that's kind of thing that I will just kind of guide them. And then also if there's a
Jessica Cheng: Subject matter if there's a project like the one I just mentioned helping a corporate to deliver something then I also really care about teaching them how to present how to communicate within 10 minutes and then get across most of them useful information in logic. So then people sitting there understand what you're trying to say so it's beyond just really fluffy Design Concepts. Because a lot of students were told to tell story…
Kris Haamer: right
Jessica Cheng: but I think storytelling is necessary. But in an initial part when you beyond talking about Brands, I think it really is that you need more concrete ever dancing to support how do you get here? And then that is one thing that I really make sure that the students do and a secondly is a project management.
Jessica Cheng: I think that is extremely important skill to have Beyond design skill and I think it's just useful. I think design PM all these kind of thinking is just useful not just for school work. It's for career is grateful personal life as well. and so when the design something that need to think about the commercial value the cost of things right and a time the resources that's required to make one thing happen external resources. So the beginning of the project they need to be able to consolidate all these information. So internal research is also very important. So yeah, so I guess that's basically…
00:15:00
Kris Haamer: Right, right up.
Jessica Cheng: what teach them.
Kris Haamer: One of things that I've noticed is that and academic settings. I worked for a while before I went back to school and seems to in class like there's ample time. I miss usually not her issue, there's the whole semester to get something done when a business setting maybe you need to do something in a one week or two and then you need to do shortcuts, You need to find what works and what is the highest conversion rate tool for you to pick or usually but usually have already some existing data you have data that other people have a gather
Kris Haamer: someone standing of over proposio or user, right? So, I guess you've done both now you have this academic side and you have that commercial side. So do you find that is the case in May of the commercial projects? You don't like the time limit is all molestation. There's always the deadline. That is it that is our assets tomorrow
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, I mean. This is a challenge then. How do I yeah, what is common challenge like commercial?
Kris Haamer: yes.
Jessica Cheng: It happens as well. But I think that comes back to what I have to say design education is not just for A lot of these students brought up not being told or has these ideas of how should guide a student become teachers as well. Then they use their understanding of the way teach students design a program. That's not quite fulfilling what students actually need so I just generally have to say
Jessica Cheng: Teaching these teachers teaches and then as well as in the corporates environment, like the managers leaders, they all need to understand that with time limitation. There are ways you can do things but there are things it just take time and if it's not just for the products benefit is also for your team developers benefit and…
Kris Haamer: 
Jessica Cheng: think that's the downside of Taiwan in terms of investing in people. What is right to invest? And it's not just about money. It's about what kind of capability that you have for your team to grow and then to find States like a state to shine really. So I you're talking about really huge topics, right? So, I mean it's obviously catching type deadlines and I guess was AI tools nowadays you'll be able to Accelerate but in the end if you want student to feel confident and then become more capable if you want to team member. That can just become autonomous and then creatives then you need to do more than that.
Kris Haamer: Right, right. Yeah, I think it's something that I've just over and over again seen. Because my pain point of comparison or startups in Estonia and the main thing that students startups have done is do things fast and cheap. Just to everything faster and…
Jessica Cheng: Yeah.
Kris Haamer: Yeah, and in an academic setting that he's never the case, so it's cheap, but it's never fast.
Jessica Cheng: It's agile methodology. So I mean she cheap one I guess with less time spent than nothing's cheaper So if you drag on a project from half year,…
Kris Haamer: Yeah.
Jessica Cheng: that's why exactly what my accelerating this is all that about the Venture design is all about that finding MVP. So it's not about finding the 100% answer because you never know what you have built is 100% is more like in early stage firstly agile way working with People you need to understand that it's not just like waterfall you have designer then Rd people and then manufacturers and all that just step by step. It's more like how do we in the beginning make sure that we're showing the same goal and then who's playing good part doing this process instead of just passing on things from A to B to C. because a lot of great things could miss out and then it may feel expensive in the beginning but then actually don't
00:20:00
Jessica Cheng: it definitely risk in many ways because every team member first they're going to goals and feel that involved from the beginning they feel that more important so they can give their professional advice early enough before making too much mistake. And then secondly, it's the MVP path what is enough for the market for you to test to launch it? In time and then with time I don't know you can use Sprint or any other methodology to keep growing. So then that is the way even in stop. It's not just about fast and it is just about
Jessica Cheng: To fast but in a constructive way, so that is how design methodology you can play a good role in this kind of environment as well. So from corporates to a stop or to any kind really third party you can all use it. So that's one telling student that after all design mythology and it has to be a mindset first and then you have to be really really thorough and the flexible and playful with these mythology to help you. So there's no right answer every to me. I've done hundreds and thousands I won't say a thousand but hundreds of projects big and small but then each of them, they're never the same just then and you just have to be like, so when they come to design you also it's not just about when you are thinking about the product thinking about our service you need to be creative is you need to be creatively using the design tools.
Jessica Cheng: and the mythology
Kris Haamer: Up, so maybe if you consume a little bit like those hundreds of projects to have any favorite stories or even something that maybe design research gave you in a project that it's just an expect it we can always make assumptions, but sometimes the data is very surprising.
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, yeah all the time. So when you come to data when I do research there are few different ways. I'm also very creative with the research mythology. So most of time I definitely is a combination of test research a quantitative and the qualitative research. So then you don't together a numbers you have to ask through qualitative research. You have to ask why asking the right question is very important and I think the projects That hits me. It's one of those. I was helping. a stop team, which is a psychiatrist and then his business partner and then
Jessica Cheng: the stop is to come up with a clinic within a year time. so I was helping them to basically understand, used to design mythology and to help them do this.
Jessica Cheng: almost correctly but then more efficiently and then I finally really interesting. Is that even the psychiatrists right? He's seen so many patients, but then you have to think about the patient's ecosystem. So in terms of and a patient have different stages, there are people that has been treated some people have very little awareness of their mental health and there are people like they've done they're about stuff but the stigma is stopping them from looking for help. And then also, the families how to make sure that they can be more aware of the situation and a lot of this thing, so I help them kind of find out and Define what the potential customers or
Jessica Cheng: what a personas are like so based on these and we make sure that we have done proper research so quants and quality and I think what it's really really interesting is because we're talking to real patients. So these people aren't just like regular consumer. They are much shy they are troubled. they're struggling. so how we make sure that we could gently support them and help them to open up. to communicate the needs. and then you go it was amazing inside the psychiatrist. understand the medical diagnosis of these patients, but in terms of the knees they need in the violent environment the digital touch points all the things that could
00:25:00
Jessica Cheng: they really really needs. He's not quite a world of that. And then I think there's a good conclusion of when the patients came into the clinic and then down the talking and that is just a very first step but what's most important? How do we look after these very special patients when they step out of the clinic because they Really really need that help to maintain medication uses and then, make sure that they have extra mental they have support, during the time. We're not there just in treatment because sometimes when they're in very low point they just forget to take medication and then that's worse than this internet and all that so All the after Services has become very very important and then little things like how to make a toilet a very cozy place.
Jessica Cheng: So because these patients came in and then they're waiting and then sometimes they're just start to have panic attack or something and then they just need a place to hide so they will usually just go into toilet or little room just to calm down. So then you just realize interior design even just a toilet. It's not just functional. It has much more meaning than this and in Taiwan. I brewed interesting a high end Place. Usually they provide slippers, right? So no shoes. It's very Japanese as well. And then through the research you realize they're like what we want to be like make sure it's really cozy. It's like a home and it's but then nearly 60% of patient they don't want it because they feel that exposed. They feel really uncomfortable.
Jessica Cheng: taking issues of of Yeah, so it's really really interesting. Not just with the research even psychologists like discover so many of things that will not to place in clinic and his clinic since opening that's only two years. They're already many five or six more doctor join and they're looking to open another
Jessica Cheng: And the five stars on Google streets it just because in the beginning we've done so much work to make sure that all these little details are considered so yeah, I think that's really one of my favorite. I've done other one that's more commercial but really really cool and meaningful as well. But this one is where research really plays apart and then designers with a design mythology how to accelerate someone they are professional in the field but not professional to build a business quickly in time now
Kris Haamer: Thank you for sharing that. So I kind of wanna go to the Future and think but how do you think design is It's Gonna Change in the next five ten years, just recent the idea laid off a bunch of people right and design thinking has been critique a lot and now with a guy doing a lot of the work for us in analyzing data things like that. how do you see the future and what do you think you're gonna be doing in the fine? Five to ten years in the future because design you're even mentioned about just being very important being a product manager is important. But yeah to try to if think about the next 10 years.
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, I have to say in Taiwan because I have designed industry in the UK probably is 10 years ahead of you Taiwan already. are you talking in general in the world or you talk about Taiwan industry?
Kris Haamer: I think both are okay, whichever do you think is more interesting for you? Maybe Taiwan? Yeah, why not?
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, the thing is in the UK, what is really really amazing? Is that a designer? Can be a very strategic role a team in bcgdv we're working side by side with covered graduates, like covered MBA students and then defining what this Venture could be and then back in the days, design agency is one consultancy is another traditional consultancy another they don't work together. so one is really good at quantitative. The other one is good at qual But then to be honest the thing is if you want to Commercial Success, you actually need both thinking. So what I love is in UK is
00:30:00
Jessica Cheng: most of the organizations from Council to bank to our schools They all have that all start to have their own design team and it's not just ux design team. Now. They're all having Services design team is super common. And so I think this is what I would hope for Taiwanese Market is that and this is what I've been trying to help the student to see that in the future that hopefully the student can just be in very commercial environment and then be able to come by the knowledge. I'd be able to talk commercial not just a Statics of things because as a good designer a static site of thing is just the most basic
Jessica Cheng: Thing that you need to have so you need to understand what looks good. What's not but then the next stage is okay. What makes it a successful product? So How do we make it viable? How do you make it visible? And I think these other things I really need to learn to consider doing the process and then it becomes important part of a Product team and not just products and then they can actually help to decide and Define what companies future is about where the direction they're going and this is what I'm doing right now. and I think that would be really really good and then obviously from an Indus outside of
Jessica Cheng: I think it's bigger picture is that I'm hoping that the government or the organization when they fund some kind of program to support students. Then the end result is not merely just a exhibition. just a very simple way to hello everybody. This is our show and that's the end of it. because design as
Kris Haamer: It is very easy to do exhibition. And then actually never Implement anything that was found in the research, right?
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, that's right. So I think that's the huge problem. if you think the result of the end of this is just an expression then that is just too small. so yeah, I think it's more like how do these organization become more creative and understand long term investment. I understand. I've just say Taiwan is more Island and with the political situation. No one really look far.
Kris Haamer: Do you have any opinion about the Taiwan design Research Institute the projects they've been working on?
Jessica Cheng: People all have relatively short Vision because what politically
Kris Haamer: No, I think 2018 right they started. Ddri that. I want design is Research Institute, they work with yeah.
Jessica Cheng: I know I'm Their consultant I work with them.
Kris Haamer: So I am sure I'm not…
Jessica Cheng: Yeah. I'm very close to them.
Kris Haamer: if I'm able to comment on this topic and if you have any ideas, but if their direction is But you…
Jessica Cheng: Yeah. Yeah,…
Kris Haamer: what it's them?
Jessica Cheng: I think there are definitely doing better. And then I have to be proudly say one of the biggest program which is bridging again. It's full tensional. So it's like Bridging the Indus the design student the school and organizations they want who wants to innovate so there's bridge two parties and then it's a annual program. So students will work really closely with these organizations and then come up with a product that's ready to launch. So it's not just a concept. and it sponsored
Jessica Cheng: By TDI and as well as this organization and obviously I was the person who's rebuilding the whole it's like the process was with the TDI team and…
Kris Haamer: right
Jessica Cheng: so yeah, I think what I see is really it's so great that practically they want things Exhibition and then they want to make sure that the students have real-world practices and then through bridging these organizations and with us providing mentorship, then they'd be understanding the value of design and how can they become a better mentor to students and what kind of talents they potentially need. So this is educating both sides and…
Kris Haamer: he
Jessica Cheng: I think it's just starts for a few It's quite a bit long time now, but they're getting better about each year. so yeah, and then I mean inside of TDR there are so many parts and…
00:35:00
Kris Haamer: Okay.
Jessica Cheng: a regular consultant to this team now who's doing this and then there's another team now was helping is for public sector. So the new election experience. I'm helping with that all the crops they're going to use in elections and Experience defining some men and mentoring them and then I think it's just great how they have changed how they've done research. They're really Hands-On and inviting citizens and people to come to create so the members on the team now, really really young some of them. They just graduate from school for a couple years, but then I think it's just I mean long hours working. I think it's the only thing that's bit.
Jessica Cheng: but you really can't compare to Europe Taiwan was American working culture anyway, so it's obviously there downside and you prove but I think TDI is trying really hard shifting from just a c*** he long time ago used to just be PM role and then I've got project there's a problem to Salt so my job is to pull in all kinds of talents from designers to achieve this but now
Kris Haamer: You're cutting off now.
Kris Haamer: I can't hear right now. Sorry.
Jessica Cheng: .
Kris Haamer: Again, You're back. you cut off for 20 seconds.
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, sorry. It was just my phone died. So I'm sharing and sharing from WiFi. so yeah, that's what TR is doing, becoming more academic themselves. So internally instead of just bridging people. They now have a research team. So the research team can do the annual research and then understanding the trend of the industry or whatever. and then they can
Jessica Cheng: Basically, this internal team can help out the other teams to achieve what they need. so they actually have more design capacity internally. If you really want to know this person from the research Department. I know ahead of it. Okay introduce you to her.
Kris Haamer: professor Leo is actually my professor from my department and secure. So he just started. Yeah.
Jessica Cheng: Angela. Okay.
Kris Haamer: I mean I've also been to tdrs that design exposed several times and…
Jessica Cheng: Great.
Kris Haamer: even though I like this event, but sometimes I feel like they're really focused on Packaging. And not the content. So sometimes it seems to me it's a new code of pain instead actually designing something.
Jessica Cheng: Yeah.
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, but then That on that problem will only be solved when the people who are hiring the people who are actually many products Asus all these companies start to care about things Beyond. Look and packaging and all this stuff. The students will be motivated to do things. That's More about process or more about business model more about I don't know other things.
Kris Haamer: Right, right. Maybe it's also about just you…
Kris Haamer: getting the people with those skills in team at a density.
Jessica Cheng: things and…
Jessica Cheng: I just
Kris Haamer: It is still a problem for us to get. Engineer designed to work together. they are still silent up even it is a stated coal of ncu to get people to collaborate cross departments, but it really happens. and I've asked that question and thank you several times and…
Jessica Cheng: yeah.
Kris Haamer: that's right guys. Usually when it happens it is because of project personal friendships between Professors from different departments and they find a decides collaborate. But unless they had a personal contact it never happens.
Jessica Cheng: but yeah,…
Kris Haamer: So I find a little bit sad.
Jessica Cheng: yeah, it's Taiwan after all but I have to say working in the UK for so long it is that as an experts
Jessica Cheng: it is the same without the network. You just can't quite do certain things or become the center part of the games. So it's the same man really and then it's just depending on which group. for example, if the bigger group that all the care is about aesthetic size then that's dangerous in a way because then everyone will be like, okay, let's judge things from this but then if there's another group that they like okay to promote things Beyond looks or just like Hardware products or technology then
00:40:00
Jessica Cheng: Then you can open up more opportunities. So I think it's inevitable. I agree with you that's quite imbalanced and then when people talk about design designer, then they'll just think about our products interior logo branding, the definition for design is still very very row so often I have to explain to people what I do, but yeah, I mean commercially together and I think it's really really important to have and they're welcoming. That they actually want to do this so they spend money on this kind of things but in terms of widerly.
Jessica Cheng: How do I say and why the scope is in general asking people what design is about they're still talk about narrow definition. Yeah, and in all our professors still see design as a methodology, but to me it is my set.
Kris Haamer: Right, so I don't want to keep you too long, away from your kid, You must be single already, but I just want to ask last question and you've been working the UK for many years and now you're back I guess for a couple of years, In Taiwan, so if yes so projects done in Taiwan,…
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, almost three years.
Kris Haamer: Have you had to change your research approach anyway, or has there been any specific surprises for you? in that project
Jessica Cheng: No, no, I haven't. I think what good about design. And the research methodology, it is just tools so if you know enough of it, then it is just there for you to play with. So to me. It's just changing a little bit here changing the order of this use if I have 10 tools. I just use five of them instead of using some other. So yeah, I mean, it's not like huge problem. Really? I don't find any different really. Yeah.
Kris Haamer: That's good And then a final thing I want to ask you is in the message that I sent at first. I shared a link for my kind of survey and I don't want to have a look at it or anything right now, but I just want to ask you once I finished this and I kind of package it into presentation might you have some time to maybe take a look And you're telling me what do you think about it?
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, sure.
Kris Haamer: That's Thanks so much for the sharing. And I'm gonna do some content analysis on it and we'll see what keywords pop up and I share with my professors at ncq.
Jessica Cheng: Yeah, no problem. Okay, just It's my husband. Yeah, he's just giving some insights about the design disease doing some studying cool.
Kris Haamer: Hello.
Jessica Cheng: Could see you I speak
Kris Haamer: Thank you so much. Okay. Bye.
Meeting ended after 00:45:47 👋
